[Music]
life is unpredictable so don't be
surprised if you suddenly find yourself
wrong in your beliefs or expectations
that's normal even if it seems illogical
sometimes here are 15 short stories that
prove no matter what's happening around
there's always a place for a miracle
kindness and laughter honestly the story
about a deaf hat made all my friends cry
tears of joy let's see which story will
get you
[Music]
you
I have a part-time classmate who's
already 60 years old can you believe she
wants to get a second higher education
why her five-year-old grandson decided
to live in Italy when he grows up
now she studies Italian to teach her
grandson in order to help him achieve
his dream if this isn't true love then I
don't know what is
[Music]
I found some girl ugly and decided a
troller
I created a fake page in a social
network and followed her to make her
fall in love with me my plan was to call
her for a date and never show up you
know what
well chatting with her I suddenly
realized how incredible she was and I
fell in love
[Music]
when my boyfriend came to me my time had
gotten targeted him all evening
eventually he broke politely scientist
advised on a hunt to the door at that
moment I'm dog fat on my dad's foot and
he said shoot shoot my boyfriend tried
neurotic Tommy said I get it I'm already
leaving
I've never seen my dad apologize so
sincerely now their best time
[Music]
my home has great acoustics and I really
love to sing I usually only sing during
weekdays when none of the neighbors are
home one day I was singing a song but I
stumbled over the lines as I forgot some
of them then I suddenly heard a male
bass voice from above continue the song
for me
we sang to the end together
[Music]
when I got married I chose a red dress
for the ceremony I didn't want to wear
the overblown white dress like most
slides do when the doors of the hall
overnight I saw to my horror but the
Registrar was dressed in exactly the
same dress it seemed that there was only
one long red dress with a course of
available in the shops of our town well
I didn't get upset
we just laughed it off I don't give
beggars money it's a matter of principle
I consider them all liars
one day I saw a homeless man who was
feeding stray dogs I guess a normal meal
was clearly a rarity for him he was
purposefully walking around looking for
the poor dogs it touched me so much that
I bought him a proper meal now I see him
from time to time and help him he's just
a good man with a hard life
[Music]
we bought our son a guitar but never
heard him play I kept shouting at him
why did we buy it you never use it
yesterday
I feel sick my husband went out for
medicine and my son probably thought I
left you he took the guitar and started
playing probably as he always does he
plays beautifully and I'm ashamed for
yelling at him for all these years
[Music]
I stayed over at my girlfriend's place
for the first time and well since she's
always on a diet I decided to go to the
kitchen at night I respect the feelings
of late Watchers so I open the fridge
took out a pan and suddenly heard a
voice from behind me are you eating the
pan fell down I mean I turned around and
saw a huge parrot in a cage repeating
you're eating you're eating you are
eating my girlfriend was standing in the
hallway crying with laughter and they
say animals don't understand anything
[Music]
when I brought my boyfriend to meet my
parents my dad took me aside and told me
a heartbreaking story about a son he'd
accidentally had in youth looking
earnestly at me he said it was him my
mother confirmed his tale
I was just erekle and they laughed and
simply said it was a joke
some joke I guess I'm overworked I was
knocking on a door for half an hour
demanding to be led in my past didn't
work and I heard voices behind the door
but no one wanted to let me in I was
shouting I'm your boss open the door
again I'll whisper finally a frightened
guard open the door a bit and said if
you don't stop I'll call the police it
turned out I was knocking on a bank door
my office was one door further along
one I went to a nightclub with my friend
I was sitting at the bar when a guy
approached me and said let's go to my
place I'll show you my raccoon
well guys have tried to pick me up
before but this is the first time
someone did it in this way I got
interested and agreed when he opened the
door I saw a real raccoon running to it
in short we've lived together for
several months already the guy me and
our raccoon
[Music]
I'm at my grandparents place sitting at
the table my grandpa's in front of them
and my grandma is standing at the stove
baking pancakes
suddenly grandpa says let's show them
what we can do then grandma suddenly
throws a pancake over her shoulder to
Grandpa and he catches it with a plate
with a plate guys there's 70 years old
and they haven't forgotten how to have
fun yet
I got married a week ago today my friend
stayed at our place overnight I woke up
in the middle of the night and my
husband wasn't in bed then I heard his
voice from the guest room she won't hear
anything come on I jumped up broke into
the room with fury ready to kill
everyone
they were sitting there playing chess
seriously Jeff my friends just lost the
game and my husband was convincing her
to say cockadoodledoo
[Music]
our friends through their cat out and we
took it in we knew he was deaf as he
didn't react to any sounds however he
was otherwise a fine and friendly furry
buddy
so he'd lived with us for two years when
all of a sudden he started to play with
plastic bags react to the sound of the
food bag and come when called it turned
out he was perfectly healthy he just
couldn't be bothered about anyone a true
cat
[Music]
[Applause]
when I was in fourth grade we were
presenting flowers to our teachers
before the summer holiday and I had a
huge expensive bouquet should have given
it to a teacher but they were all cruel
and unfair so I gave it to the one who
really deserved it our cleaning lady the
next year she didn't come back now after
nine years my friend told me that the
lady was his neighbor back then she was
so happy to get a bit of attention she
left the school and started her own
business he said I gave her hope
[Music]